Would you replace the extended about me page with this? And it doesn’t need a title. But the first paragraph could be a size larger and in italics or bold font. When I was a teenager, my great-grandmother often called me old-fashioned. She said it with a smile, telling me that was why she loved being around me—that I reminded her of the girls she grew up with. Now that I’m older, I think that quality has only grown stronger.

I am guided by a strong sense of duty and a deep desire to honor my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, in everything I do. I love being married to Jeff, and I work to keep the spark, the friendship, and the trust alive in our marriage. Together, we are raising our children to choose what is right, to grow strong in character, and—most importantly—to become adults who love Jesus even more than we do.

A fun fact about me: I am the oldest daughter in a family of twelve kids, and the only girl at the “boy” end of the family. I was VERY much a tomboy for a while, and it took many patient talks from my parents to get me to behave in any way like a lady. But I was also born with a STRONG maternal instinct. It started with my siblings—I loved helping Mom with the babies. I babysat often and had a running series of made-up stories I would tell my younger siblings before bedtime. Looking back, I am so thankful for the hard but beautiful childhood I had. The Lord knew exactly what I would need to prepare me for the role I have now.

Photography has always been a love of mine, even before I was a teen. My motive for taking pictures then was to document my little siblings’ childhood, to be able to save happy moments where love was abundant even though life was messy.

I used to spend any birthday money I got from my grandma on the old Kodak disposable cameras. I LOVED the feeling of having a little camera in my pocket. I was always trying to be ready for those sweet, natural moments to snap a picture of one of my “babies” (a.k.a. youngest siblings).

This has followed me into adulthood (shocking as it may seem to hear coming from a photographer’s website blog post, lol).

The photos I love the most are the ones with connection in them—spark, emotion, love. The photos that show how you feel about someone.

I tried for a year or so to be the photographer who gets the “perfect” shot that makes the main subject look even better than they do in real life. But I found no fulfillment in that, and it was short-lived.

So I pivoted. I started leaning into what I myself loved:

Moments snuggled up with my littles on the couch, their messy morning hair and sleepy eyes. Relaxing into a full embrace when my husband walks in the door and feeling my whole body breathe a deep sigh of contentment. The peek-a-boos and tickle fights. The fleeting newborn stage when everything slows down for a month and I soak up the precious new baby we were just blessed with.

I love this life, and I am so thankful for the beautiful people in it.